relnote(Fx115): String isWellFormed() and toWellFormed() behind pref in nightly (#27600)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/experimental_features/index.md

  </tbody>
</table>

### String isWellFormed() and toWellFormed() methods

> Strings in JavaScript are represented by unsigned 16-bit integers, and it's possible to have valid string types that are not well-formed UTF-16 Unicode text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Strings in JavaScript are represented by sequences of unsigned 16-bit integers, and it's possible to have valid string values that are not well-formed Unicode text.
```

> The {{jsxref("String.prototype.isWellFormed()")}} and {{jsxref("String.prototype.toWellFormed()")}} methods are used to check if a string is well-formed UTF-16 Unicode text and to convert a string to well-formed UTF-16 Unicode text, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {{jsxref("String.prototype.isWellFormed()")}} and {{jsxref("String.prototype.toWellFormed()")}} methods are used to check if a string is well-formed Unicode text and to convert a string to well-formed Unicode text, respectively.
```
